Easing styles fix (#49)
chriscerie/roact-spring: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

> * Fixed incorrect easing functions for easeInExpo, easeOutExpo, easeInOutExpo, easeInOutCirc, easeInElastic, and easeOutElastic. This is potentially breaking if you relied on the incorrect easing behavior ([@passhley](https://github.com/passhley) in [#48](https://github.com/chriscerie/roact-spring/pull/48))
> * Added easing easeInOutElastic ([@passhley](https://github.com/passhley) in [#48](https://github.com/chriscerie/roact-spring/pull/48))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed incorrect easing functions for easeInExpo, easeOutExpo, easeInOutCirc, easeInElastic, and easeOutElastic. This is potentially breaking if you relied on the incorrect easing behavior ([@passhley](https://github.com/passhley) in [#49](https://github.com/chriscerie/roact-spring/pull/49))
* Added easing easeInOutElastic ([@passhley](https://github.com/passhley) in [#49](https://github.com/chriscerie/roact-spring/pull/49))
```
